two men are crying	Two men laughing.
A tired businessman takes a quick nap while riding the train.	A man finds time to take a nap in the electric car.
A man working on a light that has been broken for a week.	The women work hard on a crooked down.
A man is attempting to fix the air compressor.	A man uses a high-power hose to put out the fire.
a twelve year old girl eats chocolate ice cream	Girl eat ice cream.
a man holds a pro Judea protest sign at a protest rally	A man holds a sign of protest
A woman holds a little boy wearing a blue sweatshirt.	A woman carrying a child smiling, wearing a blue shirt.
A bike riding blond child.	The girl riding her bike.
people are in the road	People near the road
The windows are tall.	The windows open.
A man is being chased by the police.	Police arrest man
A girl has binoculars	A young girl carrying a camera
Two people ride red bikes.	Two men are leading the way to another
Two people are standing next to each other wearing pink.	There are three men, two of them wearing Qmichin Ohmaren Thertheran together
A black woman is buying donuts at the store.	Women look at the shampoo at a grocery store.
The man works in the local market.	A group of traders working in the market.
A woman in red wears glasses and long earrings.	Woman wearing glasses, big earrings, and a lid on her head.
Skateboarder in midair at a park.	Man outdoor skate park.
a man working the kinks out of his old bones	The man works in his hand
A woman in a one-piece bathing suit with a man on a boardwalk on a foggy day.	A man wearing a suit and a woman wearing a wedding dress walking on the sidewalk wet.
A man in a blue shirt helping a man in a red shirt fix a car.	A man with a blue shirt a red shirt helps a man to fit a bicycle path
A girl kneels on the ground with her friend.	Or stretched out on the ground with her son
The gymnast is a few feet off the ground.	Someone in the air with skis on his feet.
Boy walks past man in orange overalls who is sweeping garbage from the street.	Women carrying a black bag cross the street.
Two men are trying to drink beer while tubing.	Two women carrying drinks and two PAG.
The man is riding a jet ski.	Dog riding a plane.
Girls are standing up.	Girls stood by.
men sitting on their couch while eating bull	Two women Tjlsan to table their clothes resemble frogs
A man is bending down in a park next to a woman on a bike.	A man in a wheelchair walking down the sidewalk
Two men on a platform	Four men on the platform.
The homeless man is alone in his box.	Man Home Alone
A bunch of people gathered on a beach.	A group of people on the beach.
The girl is sitting and drinking water.	Sitting girl drink water.
A lady shows a guy a reptile while another child is in the background.	Girl picks up the image of an older in a wide garden Girl
The people are not clapping.	People all Aapson.
Jockeys race the fast horses.	Varsan Atsabakan on horseback.
They are playing with an antique set.	The men next to the table.
The people are in the water.	People in the water.
A young man who looks Oriental is selling things.	Like the young girl is not her shoe boots.
A group of women practice yoga in the backyard of a yellow house.	A group of people sitting in a swimsuit on a beach in yoga postures.
The boy is ready to take a swing at a ball using a bat.	A boy prepares to catch a ball.
Four women wearing bicycle riding clothing sit on a bench.	Two men sitting on the grass wearing bicycle helmets.
The man is taking a picture of the Empire State Building.	Women in the military.
The people are sleeping in the snow.	People in the snow.
The insect is from Mars.	Insect fly.
A group of people eating outdoors.	A group of people eat
A teenage pole vaulter is performing.	Slider performs a jump.
The girl is learning how to use a microscope.	An elderly woman showing how to use the washing table to do the laundry.
Two men dressed in white shirts button down shirts, white hats, with blue scarves tied around their necks	Three men dressed in red and white striped shirts, white shorts and black hats carrying flags.
A man is that just purchased and put on a rainbow colored necklace and is very happy.	A man and a child on the sand.
The young boys are brothers.	Neonates two little brothers.
Two kids are in a field.	Two dogs were working in a field
There were only strawberries to eat at the baby shower.	People at the ceremony newborn
There is a bear in the jewelry store.	Women in the store looking for things in supplies
A man is holding a computer monitor.	A man working in the window.
the man is using a heat suit control the flame	A man using a blowtorch to melt the plastic.
Superman breaks down the sign so the group may pass	Bull is trying to take a man's back
The people are standing in line at the water slide.	A group of people look through the fence on the water and land covered by fog.
A child is laying in a bed in a medical setting.	Child in bed.
A woman pops a bubble.	Girl blowing bubble by stick
The 2 drunk men are standing in the street getting ready for a fist fight.	The man with the red shirt sitting in his car waiting for the rain to stop
The dog is chasing a lizard.	Dog chasing a ghost.
A women and two children are walking between buildings in the rain with an umbrella.	Two women in a field with no buildings surrounded by.
A person asking for directions	Someone asks for guidance.
The woman is trying to make the man get up.	Wife angry tourists from the man who can not work his mind.
Roller blade cops are talking.	Few men are leap background.
A tall human falling	Tall man jumped.
A Chinese farmer is working in a rice field	Asian farmer walking in a rice field with an ox.
A father rides a horse while his daughter stands nearby.	A man riding a bike, ride his daughter by his side.
The men try to show the coach what they're made of.	Both men are at the wheel of commanded them to get the job done.
a man smokes a cigarette.	Woman smoking a cigarette
A player catches the football in the end zone.	Football player runs to the latter region.
The band is performing on a stage.	The band on stage.
The beam is firmly in place.	Proven lighting the lamp on the floor.
The family gets a portrait taken	The man picks up a picture of his girlfriend.
A group of children are stretching.	There are a group of children abroad.
People walk by through a city juggling.	People walk through the city.
The man is walking by a mural.	A man walks from the plate.
A lone woman walks in the surf at the beach.	A woman walks among the waves on the beach.
A man in a white shirt and a woman in a black shirt riding a motorcycle.	A man wearing jeans, a red shirt riding a motorcycle on the highway.
Two men are searching for canned goods	Two men peddling vegetables.
A sharp looking man is cruising in the sunshine.	A man offers tricks on a bike is very high in the air.
a boy steals an apple alone	Rujul ldyh lbh MoaTad.
A woman is training to be an expert shot with a pistol.	A man uses a wheelchair talking in a field for a few women.
A mother is cutting fabric into squares for a quilt.	A woman cut off the canvas.
The small boy is sleeping.	There is a boy near the shoes.
woman goes grocery shopping	Woman grocery shopping
the father plays catch with his son	A father and his sons play basketball.
A man cuts a melon.	A man cut a cake.
An asian woman with a microphone stands amongst a crowd of raised hands.	A woman standing in a crowd of people in Asia.
She is watching a movie inside.	A man sitting and watching a movie.
two black dogs on the beach	Three black dogs on the beach.
The man's hands are full.	Women wore their hands on the man's head.
Humans in shirts.	Dog and chicken have the same colors.
A woman is taking a break from reading her book.	A young woman takes a photo during a short break from her job as a waitress.
The man is waiting on someone by the building.	Man standing building to wait for someone.
A man is sleeping while the woman watches silently.	An old sleeps naked on her own.
A man plays piano with his shoes.	A man plays the violin, smiling.
Two kids having a snowball fight.	Two girls Taataarcan padding.
A girl is crying in the park.	A baby crying in the garden.
The man is playing a round of golf.	Sad man in the game.
A canine is in the field.	The man in the field.
A mountain biker jumps off of a fence while going downhill.	Skater man steeper incline sharply.
A woman uses a high tech sewing machine to make a scarf	Woman using a sewing machine for garment.
Group of black men loading luggage onto the top of a bus	A group of men are loading the goods on the back of the car.
An artist drawing.	Artist paints.
The people are not standing.	All people are standing.
Two guys are having lunch in a Chinese restaurant.	Two women waiting for a meal in a restaurant.
A boy is putting his black socks and shoes on his feet.	Black boy take off his shoes.
The man is standing next to a sheep.	A man standing next to a dog.
Young man in blue shirt peering through a large bubble.	A man wearing a white shirt and sunglasses staring at the horizon.
A woman sits fanning herself	The red-haired woman sitting inside
The blow-up figure is Karl Marx.	A panel of Albert Einstein on a bear.
A male and female worker is whipping up a meal.	A man wearing female food Luna offers rosy.
Workers are standing near the tracks.	Two factors in the sun
Two kids wearing cold clothing look happily down through a tire swing for a picture.	Two children dressed in warm clothes looking at below them happily through the swing frames in order to take a picture.
people walking a standing in a city park.	People sitting in a public park.
men sitting on steps with a dog	Two men talking with another man in the balcony
Two men with long hair sit on sofas.	Two men dressed in black T-shirts put up a man a man under their laptops on the couch own.
two children riding horses in a rural setting while playing lacrosse	Girls tend to the house.
A man tying his shoe at a beach.	A man takes a break with his dog in a public park.
Three people hang out on top of a big hill.	A group of men in the back of a truck Al loud high
A car is driving in the mud.	The man in the truck driven away.
A little boy got his pants wet.	The boy wet his pants.
A group of women yelling at a man.	Two men shouting at a woman in the market.
the woman was driving fast	Men, nor the beasts thereof in speedboat
Two men chatting about a bank heist.	A group of men were gathered around a broken Below are a car.
The person is dead.	Person dead.
a group of basketball players trying to get the ball from another player.	Basketball player trying to take the ball from another.
Two girls are reading books outside.	Three girls keratosis books.
A boy in a black t-shirt gets ready to throw.	Toddler gets a black horse.
A snowboarder jumping high.	Skater jumps aloft while he is on a skateboard.
Child playing with a hula hoop in his home	A child plays Bhola hop.
The man is woman are in a relationship.	Women talking.
An audience at a concert.	Representative on stage at the ceremony
the adults are inside	Adults are sitting at home.
There is a group of young men playing instruments.	There are a group of men playing music.
A baby is chewing on his fingers while wearing a cute blue striped outfit.	A small girl wearing a red shirt and jacket inflated bubble in a big stick.
There are only two athletes	Some men running
The girl is a starving, homeless child in Africa, and missionaries have given her bread to eat.	A man offers food for children.
A man in a green shirt making a cup.	A man carrying a blue shirt Cuba.
An older woman had a cart full of groceries.	Man driving his cart full of purchases.
A man carrying steel beams across a lumberyard.	Furniture sits inside a moving truck on a slope.
The food the child is eating is sweet.	The boy eats food.
a player throwing a ball is tackled by another	A player throws a ball.
Black dog playing with toys	A young boy Btaban short red laughs.
The elderly man is resting on his bicycle.	The man sits waiting for his role.
Man sitting at the end of a row of green chairs by some payphones.	People are folding chairs look of a cliff.
The people are doing the back stroke.	People are taking a break.
The woman is wearing a uniform	Woman wearing a hat.
The carpenter is taking a break.	Al-Najjar was taking a break.
A baby in pink is held.	Woman Ford is food for children in blue sitting under the table.
Someone is dressed in clothing and putting her face in front of a talking tube.	Woman green shirt and carrying a camera and surrounded by a group of people.
A brown dog with a blue collar is running.	Brown dog wearing a blue gasket being on the grass.
Two dogs are playing in a yard.	Two dogs playing in the park.
A dog with a Frisbee in its mouth is running through snow.	A dog is being built in the snow dish bird in his mouth.
Two women standing near the subway	There are three women standing at the bus station.
This marketplace features multiple vendors selling fruits, vegetables, and other items.	Fruit market center offers artichokes, and many different types of fruit.
Man sleeps outside store	A man sleeps outside.
The man is racing down the mountain.	The man skating down the mountain.
Four Mormons walking along the beach.	Two people walking along the beach.
A man in a black swimming suit is holding onto the edge of a in ground pool.	Woman suit pool stick to the edge of the swimming pool.
The man is using a shopping cart.	A man walks through the Wal-Mart with a cart full of things.
People walk beside a stone wall.	A man walks down the corridor of a set of interfaces shops.
A man play football in the park.	A man plays football in the park.
Two young individuals are playing drummer boys using soda cans and drumsticks	Two children playing with knives.
A man is sleeping with a small dog.	A man with a small dog.
The jeep crashes onto some rocks.	Many of the cars parked on a mountain.
A band performs on a sidewalk.	Band playing on the sidewalk.
The boy had a black hat and red shirt on while skateboarding.	A young boy wearing a blue shirt and red hat afternoon.
The young man is jumping.	A little boy jumps.
A reader is telling the children a story	A person reading a book.
A man with a suit and a name tag is sitting outside, waiting to start a presentation.	Woman suit talking to a man on a bench.
Boy laughs while playing in mud puddle.	A boy wearing the pool screaming while being sprayed with water.
a man examining plants	The man cultivated plants.
The children stole a bike	A woman in a white bikini driving a bicycle, and people walking and driving behind her.
A man stops for a picture with the scenery during his hike.	A man takes a picture of the view never seen before.
Teenagers are swimming.	Three teenagers swimming.
Man riding his bike in the street.	A young man riding his bicycle in the street.
A toddler in a frilly dress shows her joy.	A woman dressed in a colorful walk.
The child in a jacket has a round toy.	Woman connecting shoe girl wearing purple.
A woman teaching a young girl not to be afraid of puppies.	A woman talks to the children.
A man and child are riding an elephant.	Woman and child riding an animal.
Three men are drinking apple juice while on the beach.	Two men allowances been drinking coffee on the opposite tables.
A group of people.	threesome.
people in a house	People talk outside the home.
The road is closed down.	sunsets.
Two people kissing.	Two people were not kissing.
A sad male is playing electric guitar while wearing a white hat.	A man playing electric guitar, wearing a white hat.
the beach is mainly isolated except for a few families and some rain	Some people in the jungle.
A black mother and five children in a rural area	A man with his son on a horse farm in the rural areas.
A woman is assisting a runner by keeping rain off of her and giving her hydration.	Woman waiting for the rain with umbrella.
The person is making fabric.	There is someone with a cloth.
Woman in shorts and a t-shirt with seated men, watching someone perform.	Women wear shorts and a T-shirt short-sleeve stand by some of the men sitting and watching a monitor or speaker.
Two adults swing high toward the camera at a playground park.	Atorjuhan two adults in the gaming area.
A man is about to release a ball.	A woman on the verge of throwing a ball.
People from a bike race.	People in the cycling race.
A young girl is throwing food to some ducks in a pond.	A little girl running during feed the ducks.
A person swimming underwater poses for a picture with some underwater vegetation.	The man generally goofy underwater while swimming in a pool.
The trees had a dog near them.	A man outside near the water
Two surfers are competing in the open water against each other.	Kalban Ptsabakan with each other in the water.
A man in shorts, a sweatshirt, and sneakers is mowing the grass.	A woman in a green shirt and black pants running.
A woman is running on a lawn.	People dressed in white sitting on a bicycle.
City workers are helpful.	Help people abroad.
A snowboarder wearing a blue jacket and green pants running from an avalanche.	A man wearing a blue jacket and brown trousers walking on foot to the top of the mountain.
The two kids are fighting each other.	Atqatlan two children with each other.
A man is giving a speech and a woman is holding a cowboy hat.	A man talking to a woman holding a cowboy hat.
Tall humans pushing	Humans a tall point
A boy holding a float.	A boy holds a rope.
Children listen to a teacher read a story.	Children Aldgron listen to Professor attractive / attractive professor read the story.
Someone is trying to trim the plants	Workers are doing something for the tree.
The old man is playing a banjo.	A man playing the banjo abroad.
Nobody is wet	Athbll man.
The woman is playing a game inside.	A man playing a game abroad.
A woman holds a baby on a boat.	A man by a woman on a boat.
An ice skater practices	Attractive woman skate on the ice.
A group of people standing in a courtyard on a tour looking up at people out on balconies above.	A group of young people sitting on the sidewalk at night.
A young girl.	A little girl holding a little boy.
The woman on the bike was riding fast.	A man riding his bike and saw the sunrise.
People are walking in a long hallway with blue walls.	Many women walk through the building tiled Babaouat Bahia.
A girl braiding her hair.	Woman twisted her hair.
The woman refused to look at the old camera.	Women want the child to look at the camera.
Man roller skates for a crowd to watch.	The man jumps Motocross while the crowd watched.
The man is a the library.	The man in the library.
A little girl swimming in the ocean.	A little boy swimming in the ocean.
The man is flexing his muscles.	A man is flexing its muscles.
Two men are fighting over who gets to speak into the microphone.	Two women standing back to back.
The man is doing cartwheels down the street.	A man walks down the street quickly.
A groom and his wife kiss while posing for photos.	Bride stand for photos with members of her new husband's family.
Dogs on a mountainside with their heads in the ground.	The boy and the dog out of the park with a little snow still on the ground.
The man with the beard is driving his car.	Black man driving with both hands on the steering wheel.
It is raining very lightly.	It's snowing profusely
Two children dressed as clowns on ropes performing with other children.	Two children dressed as clowns Atorjuhan on the ropes over the other children, who are also in uniform.
A homeless person is taking a nap.	A homeless person takes a nap.
A man is sitting watching a parade of clown cars.	A man watching the procession.
Multiple people carry a sesame street float through the streets for a parade.	Two people riding a Drajatehma in the street with a person standing on the proximity of them on the sidewalk.
two men holding cats.	The three men chasing a dog.
A female is vaulting at the Olympics.	Gymnast in the competition.
A man is eating some cake as he walks.	It seems that a man gets a lot of love from the great white shark.
A man is resting from a wipeout he had due to a hard trick	Women take a break.
A person is checking out buildings to buy.	A man looks at some of the food on a stick to buying for himself or for another person.
The man is at the office.	The man in the room is the director.
A musician plays guitar while sitting.	Musician plays the guitar.
The biker is riding in a bike race.	Women Arkpn bike in the road race.
The Vons shopping carts are being loaded onto the truck by a man.	A group of cars parked on the street.
The Chinese girl was playing the guitar.	Two men play a guitar while they are on a boat.
The person is hiding under an umbrella.	Person under the umbrella.
A woman and her kids are flying kites.	A woman and her children fly kites in the rain.
A man attempts to get good signal inside an internet cafe.	The phone call someone on the sidewalk.
Two men learning to use their legs again.	Women and men use their hands to make their point.
