"It would be a mistake to underestimate her.	"It would be a mistake to the underestimate.	3
The choice of operators is unfortunately miserable and is limited, in most cases, to radio tubes.	The answer is simple, there is a lack of competition.	0
The fact that Google is a base for genetic data can give a good raw material for the next generation of science-fiction. The famous novel by Cory Doctorow, writes with half orwellien tones , describing the future in which a man could be approached only through data from Google.	The fact that Google is a genetic data can give a good raw material for the next generation of science-fiction. The novel Cory Doctorow of the famous, writing with half-tone orwelliens, described the future in which a man could be approached so outrageous only through data from Google.	5
And perhaps we will cease to call ourselves more expensive than the rest of Europe.	And perhaps we continue to call more expensive than in the rest of Europe.	2
For nearly 18 years, the space borehole "Ulysses" steals in the area.	For nearly 18 years, the space shuttle "Ulysses" has been flying in space.	3
The foundation Esely Budapestert Alapitvany, at the request of the grouping of Fiatal Baloldal - Ifju Szocialistak, has established a bill on the order of the Foundation has Harmadik Egyutt Evezredert, for a total of four million HUF.	The foundation Esely Budapestert Alapitvany, at the request of the grouping of Fiatal Baloldal - Ifju Szocialistak, made a bill on the order of the foundation Egyutt a Harmadik Evezredert, for a total of four million HUF.	5
With the collapse of the investment bank Lehman Brothers two weeks ago, the allocation of appropriations between banks has again expressed constant significantly, the banks that have accumulated their liquidity.	With the collapse of the investment bank Lehman Brothers two weeks ago, the allocation of appropriations between banks has again been delayed significantly, the banks having accumulated their liquidity.	4
It is true, I look forward to leave.	It is true, I look forward to their release.	2
Renierent legislators and supports the call to the project of President George Bush.	The US President George Bush himself is glad of progress in the negotiations.	2
Moreover, if right side of Naomi fascinates me.	"Because it fascinates me,"	1
The interview - blood become sure again	The interview, Du blood become course	2
We must be constantly vigilant ", continued Dre Decary before stressing that on top of security of supply, Hema-Quebec must also provide an adequate supply.	We must be constantly vigilant ", continuing the Dre Decary before stress that security of supply, Hema-Quebec must also provide an adequate supply.	5
This isn't necessarily bad, but if they do move you it would be better if they gave you everything (including the electronic chips for the race)	This is not wrong but if they do you move that would be better if they give you any (including the electronic chip shop).	3
The Marcel differs from others by his excellent cotton, by his unisex look, with his distinctive logo and by the Belgian flag (barely recognisable) that the most well-known jerseys have on the neck.	The Marcel 's differs from the other by his cotton excellent, by his thumb unisexe, with its distinctive logo and by the Belgian flag (barely recognisable) that the shirts of bodies have the most well-known in the neck.	4
All depends on it, "he says.	All lies with it, "he says.	3
The installation in all the institutions of the Presidency of the Council is now complete with the Palais Chigi.	The installation in all the institutions of the Presidency of the Council is complete with the Palais Chigi.	5
It was the biggest loss of points in the space of a day in history.	At the same time, in Europe, we had further proof of the global nature of the crisis.	1
We have already led the negotiations about that possibility several times with all the Czech mobile operators.	The problem is that the commercial state of all Czech mobile operators prohibits such a resale.	1
But given the attitude of mobile operators that are, the indifference of the Czech regulators is disconcerting.	On the contrary, the mobile operators like to complain that the Czech market is extremely competetive.	2
The sexes have imposed a ban on Glitter six months after he had spoken to the authorities who have under control, its intention to go to Spain from France.	The magistrates have imposed a ban of six months on Glitter after he had spoken to the authorities who had him under control, of his intention to go to Spain via France.	3
They say so much about it, I do know, many things are not true.	But I do not know how to prove it.	1
The sum, however, must not be paid at once, but in installments.	In 2010, it will be necessary to pay the interests of the whole year, which may double.	1
The symptoms of hepatitis A appear two to three weeks after the consumption of food contaminated, in general, accompanied by a bad state general, of weakness, upset stomach and nausea.	The symptoms of hepatitis A appear two to three weeks after the consumption of contaminated food, in general, accompanied by general bad health, weakness, upset stomach and nausea.	5
This sentence was spoken by the actress Sally Field, who has worked with him in 'Absence of Malice ", and illustrates the despair of American cinema, and America in general, faced with the striking idea that Newman is no longer in the world.	This sentence is the actress Sally field, who has worked with him in 'absence of malice ", and illustrates the despair of American cinema, and America, faced with the idea striking that Newman is no longer in the world.	5
The project of the motorway happened just when the girl the most famous of Eatonville had recovered its appeal.	The project of the motorway happened just when the most famous girl of Eatonville had recovered her appeal.	4
With a few exceptions, the street has always the same look.	Has few exceptions, the street has always the same pace.	3
This is what we think will bring in more customers.	This is what we think is the most contributions from the point of view of customers.	2
With this film Garci does not expect to win any prizes.	With this film Garci does not expect a price.	3
What good to facilitate the advent of such a competitor?	What good then to facilitate the advent of such a competitor?	5
Soccer - The Impact in the semi-finals	The impact will be measured in Vancouver Whitecaps in the semi-finals.	2
This amount would be twice that produce nuclear power plants.	This amount would be twice that produced by nuclear power plants.	5
The phrase 'You do not consider "is enshrined in majuscules on the registration plate.	The phrase "You do not think" is inscribed in capital letters on the registration plate.	2
On the opposite side, Antonio Damasio for example believes that the sensations resultant from primitive activities are born in the areas of the corporeal feeling of the cortex and the core of the brain, like Jaak Pankseep who focuses more on the just the core of the brain.	The opposite, Antonio Damasio for example believe that the sensations from primitive activities are born in the areas of the body feeling of the cortex and core of the brain, like Jaak Pankseep however, which focuses more on the brain syllabus.	3
On the screen of the machine they will find all the information about the validity of their document.	That is, on the screen of the apparatus, that will show the information about the validity of their document.	4
The total immersion in the English language focusses on the almost constant use of English in teaching.	The dumping total in English focusing on the use almost constant of English in the investigation.	3
The photo present in this article, was taken earlier this month in one of the rooms of rest reserved for employees to Microsoft's Redmond.	The photo in this article, was taken earlier this month in one of the rooms reserved for employees of Microsoft at Redmond.	5
The most prestigious prize in fashion	The price the most prestigious fashion	2
Today we are starting, in March we end, in June we will make the sums.	Today we are starting in March we end, in June we learn the sums.	4
Who can most can say the least.	Not many.	0
The opposition does not provide for actions of protests in view of the results. It is trying rather to get its message on the need for economic reforms to the voters.	The opposition does not provide for actions of protests in view of the results. It is trying rather to get his message on the need for economic reforms to the voters.	5
Step towards	Not in sight	0
The eye of the bee plays an important role, since it is able to see in all directions, in an angle of 300 degrees.	The eye to aspects of the bee plays an important role, since it is able to see in all directions, in a 300 degrees.	5
Will it be a birthday without a genuine party.	Will it be a birthday party without genuine.	3
There are no precise figures: we are talking about 50 000 people who make their way through the Alps and drown themselves in tankards of beer.10 percent of visitors would have specially come from Italy this weekend.	There is no precise figures; we talk about 50 000 who are under way through the Alps and collapse in the newsstand to beer, 10 percent of visitors would express come to Italy this weekend.	4
Paul Newman was one of them. "	Paul Newman the magnificent	1
However, I do not think so.	But I do not know how to prove it.	0
"Yes, we have a serious problem.	"We have made great progress.	0
The electronic vouchers are valid from tomorrow not only in the capital, but also in the surrounding area of the city.	The electronic vouchers are valid from tomorrow not only in the capital, but also in the surrounding areas of the city.	5
Be careful of grapefruit, orange and apple juice.	Attention to the fungus orange juice, and bone.	1
Or heels of trial of clothes.	Or heels of transgressing or clothes.	2
They have not been that according to the opposition.	If Members of the opposition are in parliament it is because they have been appointed, not elected.	1
For them, they are books - bills the market to Jozsefvaros, while fabriquaient stamps to Kiskunhalas.	For these they obtained invoice books from the market at Jozsefvaros, while the manufactured stamps at Kiskunhalas.	3
The total amount of aid to the system should be divided into two parts.	The total amount to the aid of the system should be divided into two parts.	5
To ensure that no one would know, five fictitious bills received from the society Works Team Kft. were presented to the TMA.	To ensure that it does not know, five bills fictitious received of society Works Team Kft. have been presented to the MRI.	3
The legislators thus refused to support President George Bush's call to the project.	Renierent legislators and supports the call to the project of President George Bush.	1
The process must happen in the blink of an eye.	The process must be held in a heartbeat.	5
With a goal and simple methods, SV Hamburg reaches top of the league table.	With a goal and simple methods, the SV Hamburg becomes first of the league.	5
The stars of the flamenco like Diego El Cigala, Chano Lobato, Cristina Hoyos, Enrique Morente, El Lebrijano, Antonio Canales, Vicente Amigo, among others, are part of the selection made from around seventy artists photographed.	The stars of the intoxicating spirit of flamenco as Diego El Cigala, Chano Lobato, Cristina Hoyos, Enrique Morente, El Lebrijano, Antonio Canales, Vicente Amigo, among others, are part of the selection made from around seventy artists photographed.	4
No, sir I am Spanish but I have lived here two years.	No, not Mr, I am Spanish but I have lived here thinking two years.	3
So many other Paul Newman have gone to history.	Paul Newman was part of that. "	1
It seems to be clear that it is better to buy a phone.	It is difficult to say, if such a concept would be likely to work at home.	0
You trouves in front of people, of characters that sometimes you do not know or are you just a few minutes to make them a photograph.	You find yourself in front of people, of characters that sometimes you do not know or give you just a few minutes to photograph them.	4
There was nothing left but to collect the hostages", when suddenly, "this surprise" occurred.	There is nothing left to collect the hostages', when suddenly, "this surprise" occurred.	5
The trial subjects have spent half an hour in an MRI scan, meanwhile, have received 20 shock in four part to post, while watching the paint religious issue, is the one to issue more general.	The subjects spent half an hour in an MRI scanner, during which they received 20 shocks in four part installments, while watching either the religious painting, or the more general one.	4
"People were always happy to see Zora" he said.	"I am so happy," he said to reporters.	0
It is difficult to say, if such a concept would be likely to walk at home.	For me, it was clear that I had to be travel a day.	0
The witness said that at 4.30 p.m., Locklear "based on substance on the accelerator, doing a lot of noise, trying to get out of the car garage, and going backwards several times, she roula on his sunglasses".	The witness said that at 4.30 p.m., Locklear "pushed hard on accelerator, doing a lot of noise, trying to back out of the garage, and going backwards several times; she was driving with her sunglasses".	4
Abuse of a father-" which led to suicide "	Abuse of a step-father-" which led to suicide "	3
The shame, Mr Toews, is in this renouncing, and not elsewhere.	Shame, Mr Toews, it is, in this instance, and not elsewhere.	3
This case is one of the many accusations that her.	This is one of the many accusations against her.	4
The interests of 2009 cover seven months, from the end of September this year till the end of March.	The interests of 2009 cover seven months to the end of September this year until the end of March.	5
To imitate the functions of the eye, engineers have put forth the idea of a laser rangefinder.	Portraits of which, thanks to the choice of the camera and equipment, given the photograph classic.	0
UNIPOL: Court ROME, DANILO COPPOLA remains A GROTTAFERRATA.	UNIPOL: Court ROME, DANILO COPPOLA remains in GROTTAFERRATA.	5
This whole process must reflect what the bee does to avoid other bees.	This whole process must reflect what the bee done to avoid the other bees.	5
They are, indeed, free of the relatively high costs of construction, operation and maintenance the mobile network.	They are, indeed, free of the costs of construction, operation and maintains the mobile network, relatively high.	5
When the agreement was announced, one would have thought a truly revolutionary step.	When the agreement was announced, a true not revolutionary.	2
When we will not be the most expensive	When we will no longer be the most expensive country	3
"I wanted to re-commemorate her because I think it is these women who have had an enormous influence in their time and now no one knows and highlights their work," says Bayon.	"I wanted to the back because I think it is these women who have an enormous influence in their time and now no one knows and highlights his work," says Bayon.	3
They say so much about he, I know, many things are not true.	However, I do not think so.	2
Generosity, love of life were vibrants features of the actor.	Generosity, love of life are vibrants features of the actor disappeared.	3
Then, when I became a dancer, I was trying to take care of my way to pay.	For me, it was clear that I had to be travel a day.	0
Then, when I became a dancer, I was trying to take care of my way to pay.	"However, once I have the impression that this is a job at risk, I supprimerai.	0
The intelligent car imitates the flight of a bumblebee	The intelligent car theft of bourdon emulating	1
The development of Orlando has already pushed Interstate 4 up to the west of the city.	The development of Orlando has already prompted Interstate 4 up to the west of the city.	5
Microsoft is right, its operational system is important but also its software.	Microsoft is right, its operational system is losing importance but also its software.	1
Sarkozy at the meeting of fishermen angry	Nicolas Sarkozy is expected to the ground by fishermen.	2
The collar workers continue to queue to buy their sandwich matinier merchants to happen, and it is impossible to find a taxi between 16h and 19h in the week.	The office workers continue to queue to buy their morning sandwich from mobile stalls, and it is impossible to find a taxi between 16h and 19h during the week.	4
We can, of course, make music directly on the map memory, but little card readers know go without reduction, given the dimensions tiny memory cards used in mobile.	We can, of course, record music directly onto the memory card, but few card readers know how to deal with them, given the tiny dimensions of memory cards used in mobile.	2
We advise you on how to make a choice.	Conseillera, how you choose	0
The septuagenarian McCain has repeatedly put forward his indisputable experience in foreign policy, while emphasising the "naiveness" of his opponent in these matters that were at the heart of this first contest.	The septuagenaire McCain has repeatedly put forward its indisputable experience in foreign policy, while emphasising the "naive" of his opponent on these issues that were at the heart of this first contest.	5
You will achieve nothing, because in sleeping, he is not sufficiently aware to organize his thoughts.	You will achieve nothing, because in sleeping, it is not aware to hold his thinking.	4
The boxeur Rocky Graziano, delinquant, tormented, violent, unforgettable in Somebody Up there Likes Me (marked by hatred), or Robert Wise, a role intended for James Dean, resumed after his death, which really launched Newman in 1956.	This boxeur Rocky Graziano, offender, tormented, violent, unforgettable in Somebody Up there Likes Dr (marked by hatred), Robert Wise, a role for James Dean, resumed after his death, which launched really Newman in 1956.	5
The song is ensured by KaterVina KneVzVinkova and Adam Plachetka.	The song is performed by KaterVina KneVzVinkova and Adam Plachetka.	3
They desperately need this, indeed, and I shows you an example.	They desperately need this, and I show you an example.	5
For many, the main advantage of mobile phones that play music is their prices.	For many, the main advantage of mobile music is their prices.	3
Sudanese soldiers had done this Sunday six of the kidnappers in the border area between Sudan, Chad and Egypt, and had arrested two of them.	Sudanese soldiers had killed six of the kidnappers this Sunday in the border area between Sudan, Chad and Egypt, and had arrested two of them.	4
Shortly after, the witness, who initially had not recognised the actress saw Locklear stop in the middle of the motorway and get out of her car.	Shortly after, the witness, who initially had not recognised the actress has given that Locklear has been arrested in the middle of the motorway and is out of his vehicle.	3
The cinema of the 1950s and 1960s we dazzles and we let much for our collections.	The cinema of the 1950s and 1960s fascinates us and much of our work is inspired by it.	2
"I have changed, I do not want to take risk".	"However, once I have the impression that this is a job at risk, I supprimerai.	1
We do not have to look too far to find examples.	We do not have to go look too far to find examples.	5
But the Illhousiens goal scorer was not able to enjoy his happiness long and was be forced to return to the changing rooms a dozen minutes later and leaving his team mates with one man less.	But the buteur Illhousiens will not be able to enjoy his happiness long and will be forced to return to the changing rooms a dozen minutes later and leaving its coequipiers in digital inferiority.	3
It is better for this way, as they will still need their strength.	It is better for example, they will still need forces.	2
You are what you divulge about yourself.	You are what you divulgues subject to tone	3
The right-wing camp is intact, it is only inside the party that voters have become more aware, more critical and more stubborn.	The right-wing camp is intact, only party that voters have become more aware, more critical and more stubborn.	4
Microsoft is seeking a virtual (see)	Microsoft is seeking a receptionist (virtual)	3
The other research - The University of California, Berkeley, claims also to be researching in a new adhesive.	The other RECHERCHE- The University of California, Berkeley, and it also, in the search for a new removed.	1
The Thai authorities stopped him at passport control, and in the end, he went to Hong Kong.	The authorities Thai the bloquerent the passport control, and in the end, it out Hong Kong.	2
The experts say a technology still in its infancy, from the fact that the marine energy dispelling fears about the environmental impact.	The experts say that it is a technology still in its infancy, from the fact that marine energy does not dispel fears about its environmental impact.	5
The public is waiting for the time, without really hiding it, when Google will reveal its true nature.	The public expects, without really is in hiding, when Google will reveal its true nature.	4
The price of crude oil fell by 7 percent to $99.80 a barrel. The New York Mercantile Exchange during sales this morning.	The futures of crude oil, fell by 7 percent to $99.80 a barrel. The New York Mercantile Exchange, in sales of this morning.	4
The wrong time to spoil the rat of Pozoblanco	Bad weather spoils the fair at Pozoblanco	2
. People signs indicate the street.	. No signs indicate the street.	1
Not in front, because that way we create a block, and not all the yellow caps on the same benches, we must distribute them in the hall! '	Not before, otherwise it blocks, and not all the yellow caps on the same benches, we must distribute them in the Chamber! '	3
The stock exchange of Warsaw made a proposal to buy the stock exchange of Prague	The cause of this exclusion is that the stock exchange of Warsaw is owned by the state.	1
The supercolle to walk on the walls.	Superglue to walk on the walls.	1
To support the sector, one would need between 16 and 18 million per year.	To support the sector, it should be between 16 and 18 million per year.	5
But before the course begins, it was for me to appear.	For me, it was clear that I had to be travel a day.	0
In short - But victorious of Kovalev	In short - victorious goal for Kovalev	3
Now that the election in Parliament of the Land of Bavaria fell, a union of BayernLB with the bank from Baden-Wuttenberg could be taken first.	Now that the election in Parliament of the Land of Bavaria is over, a union of BayernLB with the bank from Baden-Wuttenberg could be seen very soon.	3
This is what we think will bring in more customers.	It is better for this way, as they will still need their strength.	0
With a camera and a system of recognition of forms and faces, this "see" can know how many people in the place, which they are - including remember what they occupy positions - and listen and hear the keywords of their conversations.	With a camera and a system of recognizing forms and faces, this "receptionist" can know how many people are in the place, who they are - what posts they occupy - and listen and hear the keywords of their conversations.	3
This is the second weekend of the beer festival, known as the 'weekend of Italians'.	The second weekend of the beer festival is also known as the weekend of Italy.	4
Since its creation, on 28 September 1998, Hema-Quebec has applied the precautionary principle.	This episode has shown that the precautionary principle that has been applied, made sense. "	2
The directorate of the Polish football league PZPN has been suspended by the National Olympic Committee after many scandals and replaced by Robert Zawlocki, an independent administrator.	The direction of the Polish football league PZPN has been suspended by the National Olympic Committee after many scandals and replaced by Robert Zawlocki, administrator independent.	5
Vodafone heads rather its attention on the performance of the requests for its own 3G licences.	Vodafone heads rather its attention on obtaining its own 3G licences.	4
But given the attitude of mobile operators that are, the indifference of the Czech regulators is disconcerting.	The problem is that trade of all mobile operators Czech prohibit such a resale.	1
None of the Czech operators has a dominant position on such a market.	The problem is that trade of all mobile operators Czech prohibit such a resale.	1
Especially as it is relatively saturated from the point of view of the provision of services. "	According Masi, "the choice of rotating doors is important even from a symbolic point of view."	0
The psychology of one-upmanship: Why are we spending more money?	The psychology of one-upmanship: Why are spending more money?	4
The installation in all the institutions of the Presidency of the Council is now complete with the Palais Chigi.	The celebration of the Second crucial time for the Improvement of Record of the Equipe.	0
They launched a watermelons of their car '.	They launched a watermelon from their car '.	4
The answer is simple, there is a lack of competition.	A formulated answer like this is not suprising, coming from the representative of the operators.	0
We have already led the negotiations about that possibility several times with all the Czech mobile operators.	The problem is that trade of all mobile operators Czech prohibit such a resale.	1
The fourth world aircraft manufacturer, Embraer, maintains its forecast for 2008 with 215 aircraft deliveries left, reaffirmed Fredrico Fleury Curado, its chairman.	The fourth largest world aircraft manufacturer, Embraer, maintains its forecast for 2008 with 215 aircraft deliveries, re-affirmed Fredrico Fleury Curado, its chairman.	5
When energy gives birth to waves, big ones moves.	When energy is born waves, now the big moves.	3
They have not been that according to the opposition.	If Members of the opposition are in parliament is that they have been appointed, not elected.	1
The price of the production of paper, the activities of the print edition and have not changed.	The choice of mode of use and requirements of the future owner.	0
People say that Naomi is a person with a warm heart.	People that Naomi is a person central aim.	2
But what a great long distance athlete.	But what great athlete of substance.	3
What does it mean?	But what does that mean for the emotions?	3
Behemoths in the attack.	Colossus to the attack.	2
Other operators also refer to the specific nature of the Czech market.	None of the Czech operators did of a dominant position on such a market.	2
HSV beat Gladbach 1: 0	HSV fighting Gladbach 1: 0	3
The new law also seeks to limit the so-called golden parachutes for the managers of companies participating in the programme and it will establish a committee, which will ensure the supervision of the funds.	The new law also provides to limit the so-called golden parachutes for the managers of companies participating in the programme and it establishes a committee, which will ensure the supervision of the funds.	5
The driver control the validity of the voucher registered.	That's how the driver tests the validity of the registered voucher.	4
Therefore ordered interceptions against Dal Torrione, the entry write, is emergee 'willingness to marry the requirements of a businessman, representing a group known, close to the Piromalli, unifying the choice of the public administration to the interests of the clan.	Starting with the interceptions ordered against Dal Torrione, the pm writes, "the possibility of marrying the demans of a businessman, representative a well known group close to the Piromalli, unifying the choice of the public administration with the interests of the clan.	4
I believe that yes, but in the end it joined and these activities have a lot in common.	But in this case, we can at least hope that all human brain have the same situation.	1
The government has provided PS14 billion to protect the deposits of 2.6 million savers of Bradford & Bingleys.	The loan of PS14 billion will be repaid when mortgages of Bradford & Bingleys are released.	2
In their experiment, three groups bid against a partner, in different circumstances.	At them, three groups surencherissaient with a partner, in different circumstances.	3
So many other Paul Newman have gone to history.	Paul Newman was one of them. "	1
In the first half of 2008, the night flights and hotels were less expensive than the previous year.	Also in terms of price of flights, the trend was on the rise in the first quarter.	1
The board of AIG met Sunday evening to examine possible cessions, according to FT.	The board of AIG met Sunday in the evening to examine possible, according to stop it said.	3
The future is perhaps promising.	Obama has said that he is the future.	0
Readers, however, have the advantage of having an order easy.	MP3 players, however, have the advantage of having easy controls.	0
That is the timetable set by the Capitol for the work of the Commission for the future of Rome" which took place this morning at the new headquarters, behind the Thermes of Caracalla.	That is the timetable set by the Capitol for the work of the Commission for the future of Rome "Capital, which took place this morning, the new headquarters, behind the baths of Caracalla.	4
When at the end of the war, he was captured by the British and placed in the court to capture of the region Holstein, dozens of Germans were the Czech consult to their learns Czech.	When at the end of the war, he was captured by the British and placed in the prisoner of war camps of the region Holstein, dozens of Germans approached him to learn Czech.	5
It was the best that could mark the jets at a time.	It was the highest Jets score in one game.	2
The answer is simple, there is a lack of competition.	However, in view of the dynamics and unpredictability of the crisis, there is no certainty.	0
Special prosecutor, Nora Dannehy now will inquire to know whether the officers lied to their interrogators, hence obstructing justice, during their investigation.	The accuser Advisor, Nora Dannehy now will be whether the officers asked during the investigation, lied to investigators, obstruant and justice.	4
The high court of Truro has stated that he regularly bound his step-daughter, Stephanie Randle, during her childhood, when she was between 5 and 7 years old.	The high court of Truro has referred he linked regularly its beautiful daughter, Stephanie Randle, during his childhood, 5 to 7 years.	2
The circumstances around a shooting before the release of the hostages are still unclear: Well, the kidnappers were close to put an end to the kidnapping, in the words of an Egyptian security official, before the Sudanese army killed six of the kidnappers without shout station.	The circumstances surrounding a shooting before the release of the hostages are still unclear: the kidnappers were close to putting an end to the kidnapping, before the Sudanese army killed six of the kidnappers without warning, according to an Egyptian security official.	5
However, I do not think so.	But I do not know how the show.	0
What matters most is consumer awareness and making this information open to the public domain.	What matters most consumer awareness and make this information to public domain.	5
The Hypo Real Estate should now pay interest on the fraction to what it would have law.	The Hypo Real Estate must from now on pay interest on a fraction to what it has the right.	4
It could participate in the Beijing games because of a hypothetical poorly on the back, but he promised to win in Berlin, improving its third marathon, his personal record of nearly five minutes.	She could not participate in the Beijing games because of a hypothetical pain in the back, but promised to win in Berlin, improving her personal record by nearly five minutes in her third marathon.	2
Least ten five hours of the morning.	Nine fifty five in the morning.	1
The interpretation of the dominant market position is one of the many points of contention.	It was the biggest loss of points in the space of a day of history.	0
It was the biggest loss of points in the space of a day in history.	"The first day of course in Japan.	0
You can listen to the four new versions on the server iHNed.cz.	Listen to the four new version of the national anthem.	2
Obama has said that he is the future.	Obama has said that it was the future.	3
The reason for this striptease of thought is the relations of the press towards Ryan's new film "The Women" - which tells the story of an adulterer.	The reason for this striptease of thought is the press relations Ryan for his new film "The Women '- is told the story of a adultery.	4
Much to Eatonville, as Ms Jones, a teacher courageous and which has a low for the red lively, have always fear that their insular community is understood.	Many at Eatonville, like Ms Jones, a courageous teacher who has a weakness for bright red, always fear that their insular community will not be understood.	3
The sale price manufacturers to export rose by 1.1 percent compared to those of July 2008, as compared to those of a year ago, they fell by 3.9 percent.	The industrial export sale price rose by 1.1 percent compared to July 2008, while if compared to those of a year ago, it fell by 3.9 percent.	4
Later, the Dow Jones was a little overtaken.	Later, Dow Jones recovered a little.	2
This, the representatives of the UOHS must very well know, but their interests are apparently elsewhere.	The course of the obligations, however, are going particularly well.	0
Renierent legislators and supports the call to the project of President George Bush.	US President George Bush himself is glad of progress in the negotiations.	2
However, I do not think so.	"However, once I have the impression that this is a risky job, I will remove it.	0
These drinks, consumed especially the summer because desalterantes and rich in vitamins, if associated with some vital medicines, to alter the popular absorbement or reducing in the case, their effectiveness, with the same serious consequences for health.	These drinks, consumed especially the summer because they are refreshing and rich in vitamins, if taken with some vital medicines, can alter their effectiveness, absorbing or reducing according to cases, with serious consequences to the health.	4
Tuesday, at the beginning of trade, the stock exchange of Prague renoua with his downfall of the day before, when it lost almost six percent.	Tuesday, with the start of trade, the stock exchange of Prague continued with its downfall of the day before, when it lost almost six percent.	4
We have seen many its binette allowed to grace the vinaigrette pots, sauces, biscuits and other foods, judging the process of poor taste, albeit joke at the outset.	We have seen his face on vinaigrette pots, sauces, biscuits and other foods, which tasted rather awful, albeit a joke at the outset.	3
While no result had yet been announced, many young people came to demonstrate against the power of President Alexander Lukashenko: "The dictator, resign".	While no result had not yet been announced, many young people were came to demonstrate against the power of President Alexander Lukashenko: "The dictator, resignation".	4
None of the Czech operators did of a dominant position on such a market.	The problem is that trade of all mobile operators Czech prohibit such a resale.	2
The question, if it is really a matter of chance, pops up naturally.	"However, once I have the impression that this is a risky job, I will remove it.	0
The price of the production of paper, the activities of the print edition and have not changed.	The celebration of the Second crucial time for the Improvement of Record of the Equipe.	0
This was repeated during the three years in the elections of the Bundestag of 2005, i.e. at the time of the much-discussed Stoiber.	This has said there are three years in the elections of the Bundestag of 2005, i.e. at the time of the much-discussed Stoiber.	4
Later, the other two houses no longer does not rejoignerent.	Later, the other two houses fell at odds as well.	2
On the contrary, the mobile operators like to complain that the Czech market is extremely concurrenciez.	But given the attitude of mobile operators, the indifference of the Czech regulators is disconcerting.	1
The work has just started, and there is still much to do in the two countries'.	Most of the time, I have no idea what I eat exactly here in Japan.	0
Other operators would also refer to the nature of the Czech market.	None of the Czech operators has a dominant position on such a market.	1
"We know how to take a step back," said Marcell Jansen.	"I didn't go out of my area" Favre said about all his passes to Coles.	0
The course of the obligations, however, are particularly well.	However, in view of the dynamics and unpredictability of the crisis, there is no certainty.	0
Sooner or later it will eventually a fatal accident, "he said, there is a years, Ty'den.cz.	Sooner or later it will eventually a fatal accident," he said, a year ago, to Ty'den.cz.	4
This should particularly bring nights of insomnia to long term creditors on the decision of whether they should secede from their commitments or not.	This should reserve of the night of sleep before all creditors in the long term on the decision of whether they should secede from their commitments.	4
No, not Mr, I am Spanish but I have lived here thinking two years.	Most of the time, I have no idea what I eat exactly here in Japan.	0
The cap wage is not mentioned in any specificity: the limitations depend on how the secretariat of the Treasury offers its aid to the company.	The cap wage is not mentioned in the specific case, the limitations depend on how the secretariat the Treasury suggests its aid to the company.	5
Today, Eatonville is an anomaly in Florida: To six miles of Orlando, it can at any time see themselves as a back street after a summer rainy day, small as it was when it was founded by 27 black families in the 1880's.	Today, Eatonville is an anomaly in Florida: Six miles from Orlando, it can at any time see itself as a back street after a summer rainy day, small as it was when it was founded by 27 black families in the 1880's.	5
But pay attention, the Belgian brand does not make only tank tops.	But attention, because the Belgian brand does not only that the tank tops.	3
"I have changed, I do not want to take risk".	"However, once I have the impression that this is a risky job, I will remove it.	1
The future is perhaps promising.	But of course this is the future.	1
Without egos ultimate amount of quality.	With little ego, the ultimate show of quality.	4
We have four versions - one each with solo male or female voices, an interpretation with choir and an instrumental version.	We have four versions - with a song solo male or female, an interpretation with choir and an instrumental version.	5
The larger editorial houses are working their way to the Internet, seen by many as the "murderer" of the paper newspaper.	The larger houses editrices work their way to the Internet, seen by many as the "murderer" the paper newspaper.	4
This, the representatives of the UOHS must very well know, but their interests are apparently elsewhere.	The course of the obligations, however, are particularly well.	0
To refer, indeed, "we need a sketch of strategic reference, or firm or stand still, to allow our city, to improve, which it has absolutely necessary, while thinking about its future now a spirit of unity,".	According to Alemanno, indeed, "we need a sketch of strategic reference, neither firm nor immobile, to allow our city to improve, which is absolutely necessary, while thinking about its future in a spirit of unity,".	3
For many, the main advantage of mobile phones that play music is their prices.	In the case of mobile cheap, do they will play music for a few hours.	2
The community has begun to hold a festival in honour of Hurston to demonstrate the catastrophic consequences that the motorway would have created.	The community has begun to hold a festival Hurston to demonstrate the catastrophic consequences that would create the motorway.	4
Other operators would also refer to the nature of the Czech market.	None of the Czech operators did of a dominant position on such a market.	1
The campaign by Mr Obama stresses that 'students African-American and Latin have less chance of diplomer white students. "This is true.	The campaign by Mr Obama stresses that "African-American and Latin students have less chance of granduating than white students." This is true.	5
In the end, read the mangas, that is what I prefer already for years.	"However, once I have the impression that this is a job at risk, I supprimerai.	0
On Saturday evening, representatives of legislators met the US Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson, in order to give a final form to the government fund.	Of Saturday evening, representatives of legislators rencontrerent the US Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson, in order to give the bottom of the government a final form.	2
This means that companies will have to find PS81 million to settle the interests of the first year.	The Treasury estimates that the interests of the loan will in 2009, to PS450millions.	1
To place the blame on the CVTU is a fairly common in communications, through which the UOHS is washing his hands of the matter.	To place the blame on the CVTU is a fairly common trick in communications, through which the UOHS is washing its hands of the matter.	5
For me, it was clear that I had to travel there some day.	"However, once I have the impression that this is a risky job, I will remove it.	0
Well the four achievements of the new version of the national anthem.	The anthem has again been recorded by the orchestra of the theatre national under the direction of JirVi BeVlohlavek.	1
Of course, there is an analysis of relevant markets drawn up by the CVTU that telecommunications are, from the point of view of economic competition, a single market.	Of course, there is an analysis of relevant markets drawn up by the CVTU according to which the telecommunications are, from the point of view of economic competition, a single market.	4
The choice of operators is unfortunately miserable and is limited, in most cases, to radio tubes.	The answer is simple, there is a lack of competition, which would like to join the fight.	0
The Czech market is in comparison with other very specific.	Other operators also refer to the specific nature of the Czech market.	2
Despite this, Iraq has been, for the most part, the weakness of Bush.	Anyway, despite all these arguments, the winning card for the democrats is George Bush.	1
However, in view of the dynamics and unpredictability of the crisis, there is no certainty.	At the same time, in Europe, we had further proof of the global nature of the crisis.	1
She asked me to go up for a cause if noble, but if it had asked to make the poirier, I would have done anyway.	She asked me to go up for a noble cause, but if she had asked to act the pear tree, I would have done it anyway.	3
They have not been that according to the opposition.	The fact is that dividends have been cut.	0
Elena attack by Luca, then the embraces.	Elena, Luca and others come together, Marco makes a last speech and explains the plan of attack.	2
We are facing a government that is the only, of all the Western countries involved, not to have brought back its national trapped in the concentration camp at Guantanamo.	We have here a government that is the only one, of all the Western countries involved, not to have brought back its nationals trapped in the concentration camp at Guantanamo.	5
On trade terms, the stock exchange of Prague fell	After the fall of Tuesday morning, the stock exchange of Prague rectifia its losses.	2
Well the four achievements of the new version of the national anthem.	The new Czech anthem four new versions.	3
With the show of strength of fishermen who have severely disrupted Monday the access of several ports in Brittany and Normandy, the President of the Republic has decided to go on Tuesday morning at the port of Guilvinec, in the Finisterre, to meet their representatives.	With the show in strength of fishermen who have severely disrupted the access of several ports on Monday in Brittany and Normandy, the President of the Republic has decided to go on Tuesday morning to the port of Guilvinec, in Finisterre, to meet their representatives.	5
In the MDAX, the actions of Arcandor fell after the announcement of an increase in the capital.	In Rome, Alemanno gave the order to make the Commission for the future of the capital leave.	0
I am pleased to have a wonderful family who will at best ".	I am pleased because she has agreed to play a role in my work and I am honoured ".	1
The detainee, A. A. J. of 28 years, has been in custody for achieving the various steps and will be judged in the next few hours.	The detainee, A. A. J. aged 28 years, has been in custody for committing the various crimes and will be judged in the next few hours.	5
Other operators also refer to the specific nature of the Czech market.	On the contrary, the mobile operators like to complain that the Czech market is extremely concurrenciez.	1
The stock exchange of Warsaw made a proposal to buy the stock exchange of Prague	At the end of trade, the stock exchange of Prague bascula in the negative	2
The driver of the coach tried to avoid it by swerving hard, but still grazed the right side of the lorry.	The driver of the last to try to avoid it through a sudden move, but he fell short by his right side.	3
The work has just started, and there is still much to do in the two countries'.	And perhaps we continue to call more expensive than in the rest of Europe.	0
Elena attack by Luca, then the embraces.	To Elena, this is the first time, Luca already the third or fourth time.	1
In Masi, "the choice of rotating doors is important to a symbolic point of view.	Especially as it is relatively saturated from the point of view of the offer of services. "	0
His step-daughter left for Plymouth.	Its beautiful daughter out Plymouth.	2
Tourists kidnapped in Egypt are free	The European tourists kidnapped in the Sahara are visibly free.	4
This, the representatives of the UOHS must very well know, but their interests are apparently the other.	On both sides, there were, of course, those who have expressed their doubts about the plan.	1
The police began their continued until the vehicle stops two miles up the low-hand, where the two occupants took to flee in a forested area.	The police began their chase until the vehicle stopped two miles up the road, where the two occupants got down to flee into a forested area.	5
The Nobel Prize for economy has been awarded to the American Paul Krugman for his research on trade models and localisation of business.	The Nobel Prize for the economy has been attributed to the American Paul Krugman for his research on the models of trade and the location of business.	4
The price of the production of paper, the activities of the print edition and have not changed.	At the same time, in Europe, we had further proof of the global nature of the crisis.	0
The stock exchange of Warsaw made a proposal to buy the stock exchange of Prague	On trade terms, the stock exchange of Prague fell	1
The PCA (format used by the company and its Apple iPods taken from them), meanwhile, is less course.	AAC (the format used by Apple and its iPods), meanwhile, is less current.	1
The work has just started, and there is still much to do in the two countries'.	In the end, read the mangas, that is what I prefer already for years.	0
