Someone carrying a skateboard for a night on the sidewalk.	A man sitting alone reading on a round table, outside a convenience store.
Aldaitona women racing in the 500 race.	Racing some men within the ski competition.
Women walk side by side.	There are girls walking Mottagorat
Jumps man with the green jersey aloft on the grass.	The man walks with a white shirt on the long grass holding a stick.
Two men sitting on the grass, and with them a banana.	Three men hanging around when the mattress selling fruit.
A pile of rocks bearing strange signs, caused the people gathered around.	Some people walking on some rocks in the water.
Women helped one of the runners who had fallen, to stand on his feet again.	The woman put make-up.
Buy women spinning.	One of the women sell the crop.
Rush a woman in one of the alleys, wearing black clothes.	A young man walking with a black jacket on the sidewalk.
It's a concert.	A person who provides a concert.
The two men went to school together.	Two men go to work.
Women's bag containing art exhibition you are.	Women carrying a work of art at the school.
Three people were standing on a black platform next to a solid black guitar chair.	Stands a woman playing the harp on a chair in front of the White House.
Backpack wide from the inside.	Woman sits inside the dressing room in the yacht.
Artist trying to sell his paintings.	Artist shows his paintings to others.
A man talking to three men for a woman looks weird on the left	Two women talking to each other, while a man seen them.
Two men watching Mrtdian dark-colored clothes, a crowd of people.	There are people dressed in white staring at horses.
The man was banging drums.	The man holds his guitar.
Ground by snow.	Snow on the ground.
The length of the rock scalable.	Rock longer than men.
Read a child a book about dogs.	Dog reading a book to a child.
A military parade in the washroom.	A crowd watches an exhibition.
Wearing tennis player uniforms contradictory colors.	Tennis player wears clothes in orange in the middle game of tennis.
The two men scans rare insects in the jungle.	There are two dogs in the snow, and in one thing Fmm
Gymnast, it might be appropriate.	A man will go to Spahhhala.
A dog chasing a cat abroad.	Dog tries to catch a cat.
It runs a group of dogs sleds in the race.	Pulls the sledge dogs in one of the races.
Electrician to install wiring on a pole in the surface.	A man rode the elevator to the surface.
The girl in the second section running, smiling, while her sisters carry a towel.	A young girl playing with her boyfriend Game fancy clothes in the balcony.
Drajthm shattered man.	Man driving one of the cars, while truck seen.
Children playing with balloons, sitting above man dressed in a banana outfit.	A woman wearing a pink and black clothes, has a large tattoo on her back.
Soldiers walking in front of Phil	Sergeant leading his troops in formation inside a large room with a lot of flags in the background.
Girl has Kahlan Mxworan.	The girl without legs.
Sitting woman wearing a T-shirt in white plastered surrounded by a garden.	A man sitting, wearing black clothes on a bench in the park next to a large plate.
The drawings on the wall depicting children paint the words "Brick City" on the wall.	Drawing some of the art on a wall.
Painter paints on clothing	Baby clothes by the color white.
Men from the Middle East to attend the fish in the kitchen.	Two women in the kitchen are preparing the vegetables in the frying pan.
Dog plays Belath.	Dog plays Belath.
The girl carrying beer.	Women bear beer.
A man cut something with a knife.	Mince man something on the table with a knife.
Seven men were praying in the church.	Two people were praying outside the temple.
The man near the children.	The boy near the other children.
Boy wearing a red shirt.	Boy wearing a yellow T-shirt.
Two boys walking into the parade.	Musicians within walking procession.
A woman sitting on the beach.	A woman sitting on the beach.
Children playing outside.	Children playing outside.
The child was crying because he was hungry.	The child does not cry.
Dog limp middle of the field.	Dog running around in the field.
Two people sitting next to a large building, where they were talking.	Two men beside the building.
A child wearing a red jump on something red, while others laugh.	A man without a shirt starts jumping from the side of the drum amid a host of other drums.
There are no women on the street wearing green.	The man walks on the street dressed in a white jacket.
The two men carrying a slogan directed at the president.	Three men standing in front of a signal by the American flag.
Rocks factor resides in one of the airports.	Man who resides in one of the stations.
Child sweats on the beach.	Child on the beach.
People asleep on the couch.	People are sleeping on the couch.
Gray dog ​​running around outside.	White dog running around outside.
Woman wearing a winter coat.	Woman wearing a large coat.
However, a woman holding her child.	However, a girl stuck her mother.
People taking photos of one of the elephants.	A group of people taking photos.
Biker after the race.	Wins the race a person on a bicycle BMX
Yellow bag empty.	A yellow bag.
Young has cookies.	The woman breakfast for her and her boyfriend.
Meet the crowds in Times Square.	Meet a crowd of people in Times Square.
Bardan dog in a pond.	Dog closed the water after swimming in the pond.
Stands for a group of people, mostly hats made of straw, in the open among the green land.	Stands for a group of people, mostly hats made of straw, in the open among the green land.
The waiter drink.	A man cut something in the kitchen.
Kalban Itardan rabbit.	Two shots Ttardan rabbit.
Shave the dog through the air in the plane.	Shave the dog in the air.
Woman sews the torn piece.	Woman using the machine for sewing.
People shopping for Christmas holiday for their fellow workers.	People are shopping to buy gifts for the Christmas holiday.
Lies a small boy wearing a beanie on the green grass, with dry leaves on the ground, about to take a nap.	Two young girls, eating corn on the back Jawad short legs, on the sidewalk, without shoes.
People shopping in the open air.	People were shopping.
He plays the tuba machine man wearing a leather jacket.	Alsksifun machine plays the man wearing a red jacket abroad.
A man comes out the garbage.	A man collects all garbage.
A man lying on the ground.	A man lying on the ground outside.
A number of people under the rain.	People in the rain.
The band perform eight songs under the spotlight.	The band played under the lights.
Spectators watching the play suffered.	Get the choir on the images that were taken during the show.
White paste.	Table thick.
Boys playing a video game.	Two boys playing a video game.
Child inside the rail tunnel.	A man crosses a bridge in front of a deserted buildings.
Competing group of people in a kind of enemy competitions.	There is a group of people in the contest.
Little girl karate lessons apply to her brother.	Girl see her boyfriend practicing martial arts.
The boy shakes hands with a man municipality.	The boy is not wearing something on his head.
The man on the beach.	The man on the beach.
Dog jumped high.	Dog jumps high, when it is abroad.
Once among the blue plum.	Brown puppy lay on his back on the grass.
An elderly man holding something sharp in his hands.	A man with something in his hand.
People standing in front of mechanical equipment.	There are people standing in front of mechanical equipment.
Two dogs running towards Sahbhma.	Two dogs running Sahbhma.
Two brothers dealing with food.	People are stealing food from a vendor food runabout.
Baseball player white in color.	There are a baseball player wearing a white color.
The man pulls a gun to steal a mattress seller.	A man tries to extinguish a small fire.
People watching a professional offer to play with fire.	Some children are playing outside.
Girl pink Tertra riding a foal.	Girl riding a foal.
A young man who works has cheated on a bicycle.	Boy doing bike tricks.
A man wearing a bathing swimsuit Aagafzaly pond hat, while seen by other men.	Factor of peace wearing a helmet, steel jacket, while the other men at the bottom works.
Someone is going to swim in the ocean.	Someone floating in the ocean.
It is sunny outside.	it's cold outside.
A man and a woman Asttien do not see each other.	Man looking for someone.
There is a man waiting for the subway.	A man looks at his watch while waiting at the subway.
Air bubble length of 20 feet.	Climber climbs in the dark.
Naked man sitting on the couch.	A man sitting on the couch.
A man carving carved from ice.	A man makes art forms of ice
Fire is part of the show for exhibitors streets.	A person displays in the street.
Children Hop around on the beach and they are looking for shellfish.	Three children look at the dead fish floating in the ocean.
A man with a black leather jacket in the movie	A man with a black leather jacket.
A man was not wearing a shirt but was wearing jeans.	The man was wearing pants.
An old man sits.	An old man sitting
Fans boy bike.	A person walking a dog, the child riding a skateboard.
Some people were practicing sports, and wounded one man.	Men group of close friends, they have a game night.
Lady standing on the shoulders of a tall man.	A man speaking to a woman sitting behind the table.
A man watching another man he plays the game.	A child plays in a car and Igilz, and a man watching him.
Baby wearing a T-shirt striped rainbow paid game cart.	Girl striped shirt sitting on a bicycle.
There was not a bike	No one on the bike.
Preparing a group of people to swim.	A group of people preparing for swimming.
A couple in Paris.	Both men and women were shopping for dinner
Person reclining on the wall.	A person lying on the sidewalk.
Two men playing with guns nails, but without wood.	Two women play a game with sticks and a small white ball.
Stir man's couch.	The man moves
Tourists admire in Rome's Trevi fountain.	Watching tourists in Rome sculptures.
Blonde woman protester in front of the airport.	Woman is strained.
It works with another employee.	Director speaks to a member of staff with him.
Stop the man near the banner of Nebraska.	The man near the saw.
Teenage boy Aagafzaaly inflatable sled.	Boy bouncing on a trampoline.
People continued to play hopscotch for 12 hours.	There are land come to all children and sitting on a ring before the start of the game
A man dressed as a ghost, like the music that plays aggressively.	A man plays the guitar, dressed in traditional.
A boy and happily balancing a plate.	A boy is to achieve a balance plate.
Girl wearing colors dance abroad.	A small girl wearing a pink, dancing on the sidewalk.
A bird sitting on a power cord.	A man next to a traffic light.
A group of children swimming in the pool.	A group of women Tsobhn in the swimming pool.
Someone writes something on the book.	Someone opens a book.
Man what Anziv windows inside.	Someone sleeps on the floor Altobah.
Girls held their fingers on the form of V.	A man and a woman standing next to his hands on Zqounama holiday Christmas tree.
People flee from foreigners.	People are fleeing abroad.
The man playing for a crowd.	Woman playing to a crowd.
A young boy climbs a shrub in the city center.	Girl meditate on a rock high peak in the middle of a forest.
This woman watching TV, while it is waiting for the food.	Family watching TV together.
A group of men are talking.	The man is with a group of friends
Men ate a topic.	Two people were transporting the platform to a new place.
Children dressed in clothes compliant are present at a party.	Men and women, all dressed luxurious party.
Many people are walking in the street.	Some people walking in the streets of a city.
A woman walking next to food peddler on the streets	A woman walks next to a restaurant serving fast food.
Child sitting on a stone wall.	Child sitting on a stone wall in the autumn.
Chasing a giant rat for two women Edhma.	Two women entered in a battle with the cat.
Young people taking photos from the air.	There are girls Tltqtun images.
Girl and her father during Tenzema Altqtan pictures in the park.	He took a child by her father to walk in the park.
Building a car abroad.	Construction crew working abroad.
Surfer wearing a black suit divers.	A man in a black suit divers riding the waves on a board to ride the waves of green.
The man outside next to a banner buses.	Cross the street a woman, seeing the camera are among the two buses.
There is a dog in the picture.	There is a dog in the picture
Two boys wearing clothes for swimming	Girls wear skirts.
Elderly woman pushing stroller	Elderly woman pushing a baby carriage.
A man plays the French horn to attract attention.	Boy pasteurization plays the French horn.
People playing music to celebrate this week.	People lead presentation on stage.
Workers on the ground looks at the foundation base.	Iron worker stands next to the flag at the top of the building in which it operates.
A man cut fish.	A man cut fish
Boys while holding a bicycle.	Two daughters on a bicycle.
Dogs play outdoors.	Animals play outdoors.
Play two shots in the water.	Dogs play in the water.
Girl eat all the pasta, do not keep any of it to her friend.	A man and a woman in the kitchen with another woman, a cook something to eat.
A male and a female inside.	Male with a small female.
A group of people standing in a warehouse.	A group of three people standing in front of an empty swimming fish ..
A young man riding a single bicycle.	A man helping a little girl to ride a bike.
There are people close to the football.	Some people threw the football toward the sun.
Monster came out of the ocean.	A young boy runs away away from the ocean waves approaching.
Two young men riding a raft down the river.	They blaspheme down favorite river.
Workers clearing rubbish street.	Workers out of work in a flooded street.
Girls and boy and abroad.	The boy and the girl are walking out.
Bird statue holds a flower.	Women comply in front of two large statues of elephants in a museum.
Atqatlan two adults in the street after a football match.	The two girls in the middle of the game.
Cowboy about to be reeling from the bull.	Clown about to be run over by a bull.
A man sitting in a chair reading a book.	A man sitting in a chair reading a magazine.
Sleeping baby while the mother you pay in a stroller.	Toddler running toward his mother.
A group of people go jogging.	A group of people talking next to each other.
The factory workers making bottles	Factories yellow resolutely workers working.
Three men are preparing for the marathon.	Two men were training in preparation for the marathon race
People learn to swim.	Woman learn how to swim.
People walking as a group abroad.	A group of people walking in the open.
Two dogs running around behind the ball outside.	Dogs took place in a field and then drove monitored.
A man just came from the sea wearing a diving suit and now holds the fund.	Man with no shirt and a woman in a bikini in the water consciously look in their eyes away from the camera.
Asian man seen an event of many decorations in the background Chinese characters.	Osewean couple standing alongside fictional poster.
Black dog playing a game of green.	Black plays a game of red dog.
DJ device works in the club	Bring DJ a lot of money for the club
Three people are waiting for the people next to a stone wall.	Two people working on a stone wall
A man completely attentive on the train.	A man on board Qtarattalaa of the window.
There are people quarreled.	The man is not near any people.
A couple playing water polo in the holiday.	The boy goes to the pool when it is in recess.
The car passed them next to people prohibitive rain	I breathed the smoke race car when he crossed the finish line.
Girl look to her image reflected in a pool of water.	Girl rehearse in the room.
The man in the new test target pistol.	A man does a trick on a bike in the air.
Atorjuhan two children in a crowded stadium.	Teenage boys walking together on the sidewalk in the city.
Woman who painted her face.	Woman paint her face
Dog wondering where mate.	A young boy smiling at him for being a dog.
A boy wearing a warm suit the color yellow in black playing with brown dog wearing a red collar.	A young boy wearing a blue and red jacket unearth securities.
Women play a ski race and fell one wearing yellow.	Two boys playing a game of horse in the summer.
There is a man having dinner in a restaurant.	Addresses the couple had dinner at a restaurant.
Crowd in the theater.	A man stands in line at the movie theater.
The same rule for dust plate pitch in order to see better.	The ladies are ready to hit the ball as soon as it arrives.
The girl Balhqlbh.	A woman Balhqlbh on a trampoline.
The man is not on a motorcycle.	The man on the motorcycle.
Teenager slept on the mat	Girl goes beyond the rope.
The world has no microscope to be seen	There is a world seen through a microscope.
Toddler admire sports car green.	A man in blue clothes on a skateboard.
Many men and women pass the farm.	Two girls Ttan through the grass in the fall.
The girl saw the car.	Girl vomited in the car.
The man will reach the age of 49 this year.	There is only one person in the whole picture.
Man holding Bmes.	Man holding Bmes.
A man dressed as a film personality with a gun in the lobby of the movie theater.	The man inside the movie theater.
Being a dog and holding a ball	Dog catches the ball.
Nothing more than a dog house	The enemy of the dog
Reclining man on the beach	A woman lying on the beach.
Two adults and two children sitting on a park bench while someone takes a picture.	Two children whisper in the season while Ergbhma else.
Asian woman smiles for the camera	Small Asian girl Taatsta funny face for television cameras.
Woman hates gray pullover.	Woman wearing gray pants.
Dog jogging across the grass.	Dog jogging across the grass.
Woman man have just been finished from their wedding	Women enjoy the work required outside with horses.
Mzaour child rides his horse nervously.	A woman riding a bull while clowns waiting patiently.
Woman and a young man in the outside with the animal.	Male and female hard-working woman.
Man kicking another man.	An old man falls asleep a little bit.
Three girls Icomn Balhqublh on the beach.	Tagafzan little girls on the bed.
Two men are recited in the train	Two women keratosis on the train
A man uses a saw at the show.	A boy in the exhibition.
A boy on a bicycle ride in the park.	There is a girl riding a bike through the park.
Woman sunbathing on the beach.	Scorched man on the beach.
Woman wash.	The man washes.
Child helps his mother.	Child spared with his friend.
A row of legs and black shoes with a boy sitting at the end of the row.	A man wearing a gray T-shirt put his arm on the wall next to the two men in uniform.
Factor fit prop attachment.	Someone driving a car.
Women sitting.	All the women were sitting.
Teenagers on a city bus.	Two people in a car on a city street.
A group of women offering to the public.	Women offering to the public
Gay men	Women are
The man has a black and white scarf around his neck and wearing a black hat.	A black man wearing a black shirt, black hat, and sunglasses puts his hand over his mouth.
The band, who wears the yellow and green uniforms Tserali pitch.	Orchestra in red and white uniforms.
Friends, enjoy a drink together abroad.	A couple talking and are enjoying some drinks.
Man blow the trumpet in the band.	A man knocks on a drum in a band.
Scientists hate science	Students watch a scientific experiment.
Child chasing ducks in the park happily.	Child watching ducks in the park.
Biker in the bike shop.	The man entered the bike shop.
Full of school children.	A handful of women in the library with the children.
Two men and a woman working in the booths.	There are four women and a man in the kitchen.
Women learn sewing girl.	The girl women will learn that weaves.
There are boat resisting the sloping river area between Ckrtin.	There are boat ramps in the area between the river Ckrtin.
Classmates room watching a movie.	A small child sitting in his room.
Young plays the unity of the general gaming controllers.	A group of children playing video games at a friend's house.
Man trying to communicate.	A man tries to access to work.
A man wearing a yellow skating, jumping over a barrel.	Someone on a mountain with green glider.
Some people do not waving flags.	People waving.
Stick maintained by a person with dark clothing.	A man walks in front of an old house Garmtala
